Now let's take a look at what we're going to build in this course.
And this scores of course we're going to make use of Python and both all three.
And after that we're going to use A W-S lambda functions that it's going to be the basis of our course
and we're going to focus around AWOS lambda and it's usage.
And after that we're going to deploy our lambda functions one by one we're going to deploy a Java lambda
function and once we've done that we're going to learn how we can deploy A.J. Lamda and then we're going
to of course deploy a python lambda.
So you're going to see how interactive the functions are and how you can make use of them with the proper
permissions and proper runtime.
As we see here with Python not just in Java.
So to learn all about this to learn how we can create Java no Gere's and Python lambda functions how
you can package them and how you can deploy them to AWOS.
I'll be seeing you on the next videos where we're going to investigate how we can do that.